Ingredients
100 g mussels , scrubbed, debearded, from sustainable sources 
100 g clams , scrubbed, from sustainable sources 
4 large raw king prawns , shell on, from sustainable sources 
2 red mullet fillets , skin on, from sustainable sources 
2 royal bream fillets , skin on, from sustainable sources 
4 scallops , coral attached, trimmed, from sustainable sources 
2 small squid , gutted, cleaned, from sustainable sources 
4 sardines , scaled, gutted, from sustainable sources 
150 g ripe cherry vine tomatoes 
1 lemon 
60 g flavoured butter of your choosing , (see below) 
CHIPS 
1 kg Maris Piper potatoes 
olive oil 
3 sprigs of fresh rosemary 
GARLIC & CHIVE BUTTER 
250 g unsalted butter , (at room temperature) 
1 clove of garlic 
½ a bunch of fresh chives , (15g) 
½ a bunch of fresh flat-leaf parsley , (15g) 
½ a lemon 
½ a fresh red chilli , (optional) 
CURRY & FENNEL BUTTER 
250 g unsalted butter , (at room temperature) 
½ a small onion 
½ a bunch of fresh mint , (15g) 
½ a fresh red chilli 
½ tablespoon medium curry powder 
½ teaspoon fennel seeds 


Share this Recipe


Tap For Ingredients 
Method
Begin by making your choice of flavoured butter (or both): squash the butter onto a large sheet of greaseproof paper, finely chop all the fresh ingredients, zest over the lemon (for the garlic butter) and mix with the butter (and spices for the curry butter) until combined. Roll the butter up into a log shape and twist the ends like a Christmas cracker. Chill in the freezer for 20 minutes, then remove, slice into 12 portions, reserving a few of the discs for your fish, and pop back in the freezer for another day.
Preheat the oven to 200°C/400°F/gas 6. Scrub the potatoes clean, cut into 2cm-thick chips and parboil in a large pan of boiling salted water for 6 minutes. Drain well and leave to steam dry in the colander.
Tip into a large roasting tray, drizzle over 1 tablespoon of olive oil, add a pinch of sea salt and black pepper, then pick over the rosemary leaves and toss to coat. Arrange in a flat layer and roast for 40 minutes, or until golden and crisp, turning halfway through. 
Check the mussels and sort through the clams, giving any that aren’t tightly closed a tap. If they don’t close, discard them. 
Peel off the prawn shells, leaving the heads and tails on for bonus flavour, then run a knife down the back to butterfly them and remove the vein. 
Gently score the mullet and bream along the length of the fillet (going a little deeper if the fillet is fatter, and cutting to fit in the pan if very big). 
Gently score the scallops on one side. 
Open up the squids like a book and use a table knife to score the insides in a criss-cross fashion. Separate the halves.
Preheat your grill to full whack. Pop all the fish into a large skillet or ovenproof dish, halve the tomatoes and nestle into the gaps. Dot over your reserved flavoured butter, then cut the lemon into wedges and scatter into the pan. Grill for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the mussels and clams have opened up and everything is beautifully cooked. 
Serve the fish and tomatoes with the roasted chips, spooning over all those lovely buttery juices.
Tips
Use the rest of your flavoured butter for livening up meat, fish and veg.

